Add toolkit.bot/pdf2epub — PDF to accessible EPUB3 converter (#20)
OneOffTech/awesome-pdf: README.md

- [renamed.to](https://www.renamed.to) - AI-powered tool that renames files based on the content, accessible as a web app, command line, and for integration within your application.
- [veraPDF](https://openpreservation.org/tools/verapdf/) - Verify compliance with PDF/A and PDF/UA specification (via Open Preservation Foundation).

> - [toolkit.bot/pdf2epub](https://toolkit.bot/pdf2epub) - Converts PDF to reflowable EPUB3 with EPUB Accessibility 1.1 and WCAG 2.2 AA compliance. Free web service with REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PDF 2 EPUB](https://github.com/bernardotorres/pdf2epub) - Converts PDF to reflowable EPUB 3 compliant with EPUB Accessibility 1.1 and WCAG 2.2 AA.
```
